draft_appendix.md, before:

## Acknowledgements

We would like to thank Dale Zhao, David Benjamin, John Locke, Hooman Shayani, 
and Peter Bentley for their support and feedback.

This article was prepared using the [Distill](https://distill.pub) [template](https://github.com/distillpub/template). 

Any errors here are our own and do not reflect opinions of our proofreaders and colleagues. If you see mistakes or want to suggest changes, feel free to contribute feedback by participating in the discussion [forum](https://github.com/tilegpt/tilegpt.github.io/issues) for this article.

<h3 id="citation">Citation</h3>

For attribution in academic contexts, please cite this work as

<pre class="citation short">Adam Gaier, James Stoddart, Lorenzo Villaggi, and Shyam Sudhakaran, 
"Generative Design through Quality-Diversity Data Synthesis and Language Models", 2024.</pre>
 

BibTeX citation

<pre class="citation long">@article{tilegpt,
  author = {Gaier, Adam and Stoddart, James and Villaggi, Lorenzo and Sudhakara, Shyam}
  title  = {Generative Design through Quality-Diversity Data Synthesis and Language Models},
  eprint = {arXiv:1906.04358},
  url    = {https://tilegpt.github.io},
  note   = "\url{https://tilegpt.github.io}",
  year   = {2024}
}</pre>

## Open Source Code

Please see our [repo](https://github.com/agaier/tilegpt) for code release. Our
own experiments modify the [pyribs](https://pyribs.org/) library for MAP-Elites, the [Mario-GPT](https://github.com/shyamsn97/mario-gpt) code for the language model components, and the [DeBroglie](https://boristhebrave.github.io/DeBroglie/) WFC library.

## Reuse

Diagrams and text are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) with the [source available on GitHub](https://github.com/tilegpt/tilegpt.github.io), unless noted otherwise. The figures that have been reused from other sources don’t fall under this license and can be recognized by the citations in their caption.

<!-- 
## Supplementary Materials

For further discussion about the implementation details of the experiments, and results for multiple independent runs of the search algorithms, please refer to the Supplementary Materials section in the [pdf](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04358) version of this article. -->

Commit message:

hiding the repo url because it is way out of date

draft_appendix.md, after:

## Acknowledgements

We would like to thank Dale Zhao, David Benjamin, John Locke, Hooman Shayani, 
and Peter Bentley for their support and feedback.

This article was prepared using the [Distill](https://distill.pub) [template](https://github.com/distillpub/template). 

Any errors here are our own and do not reflect opinions of our proofreaders and colleagues. If you see mistakes or want to suggest changes, feel free to contribute feedback by participating in the discussion [forum](https://github.com/tilegpt/tilegpt.github.io/issues) for this article.

<h3 id="citation">Citation</h3>

For attribution in academic contexts, please cite this work as

<pre class="citation short">Adam Gaier, James Stoddart, Lorenzo Villaggi, and Shyam Sudhakaran, 
"Generative Design through Quality-Diversity Data Synthesis and Language Models", 2024.</pre>
 

BibTeX citation

<pre class="citation long">@article{tilegpt,
  author = {Gaier, Adam and Stoddart, James and Villaggi, Lorenzo and Sudhakara, Shyam}
  title  = {Generative Design through Quality-Diversity Data Synthesis and Language Models},
  eprint = {arXiv:1906.04358},
  url    = {https://tilegpt.github.io},
  note   = "\url{https://tilegpt.github.io}",
  year   = {2024}
}</pre>

## Open Source Code
<!-- Please see our [repo](https://github.com/agaier/tilegpt) for code release.  -->
We're cleaning up our dirty research code but it will be out soon. Our own experiments modify the [pyribs](https://pyribs.org/) library for MAP-Elites, the [Mario-GPT](https://github.com/shyamsn97/mario-gpt) code for the language model components, and the [DeBroglie](https://boristhebrave.github.io/DeBroglie/) WFC library.

## Reuse

Diagrams and text are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution [CC-BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) with the [source available on GitHub](https://github.com/tilegpt/tilegpt.github.io), unless noted otherwise. The figures that have been reused from other sources don’t fall under this license and can be recognized by the citations in their caption.

<!-- 
## Supplementary Materials

For further discussion about the implementation details of the experiments, and results for multiple independent runs of the search algorithms, please refer to the Supplementary Materials section in the [pdf](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04358) version of this article. -->
